mc/elderbr/smarthopper/file/GrupoConfig.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.file.GrupoConfig
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.file.GrupoConfig$1
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/event/AnvilCreate.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.event.AnvilCreate
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/MainSmartHopper.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.MainSmartHopper
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/cmd/GrupoTabCompleter.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.cmd.GrupoTabCompleter
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/cmd/ItemComando.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.cmd.ItemComando
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Slot.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Slot
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/interfaces/Slot.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.interfaces.Slot
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/cmd/ItemTabCompleter.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.cmd.ItemTabCompleter
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/file/ItemConfig.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.file.ItemConfig
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Velocity.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Velocity
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/cmd/LivroComando.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.cmd.LivroComando
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Inventario.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Inventario
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/interfaces/Lang.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.interfaces.Lang
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/utils/Utils.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.utils.Utils
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/event/ClickHopper.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.event.ClickHopper
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/ConfigModel.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.ConfigModel
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Grupo.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Grupo
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/utils/Msg.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.utils.Msg
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/utils/Debug.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.utils.Debug
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Pocao.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Pocao
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/SmartHopper.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.SmartHopper
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/recipes/HopperRecipe.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.recipes.HopperRecipe
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Traducao.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Traducao
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/cmd/GrupoComando.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.cmd.GrupoComando
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/Item.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.Item
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/file/ItemTraducaoConfig.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.file.ItemTraducaoConfig
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/event/MoveHopper.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.event.MoveHopper
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/model/InventoryCustom.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.model.InventoryCustom
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/file/Config.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.file.Config
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/interfaces/Dados.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.interfaces.Dados
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/event/InventarioEvent.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.event.InventarioEvent
mc/elderbr/smarthopper/interfaces/VGlobal.java
 mc.elderbr.smarthopper.interfaces.VGlobal
